Week1 (#4)
bitprj/Bitcamp-Serverless: week1/homework/issues/azure.md

## Configuring Azure

> *For this assignment, you will follow the instructions and at the end, complete a task showing your knowledge of the subject. If at any moment you need help, feel free to contact your TAs.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*For this assignment, you will follow the instructions and complete a task showing your knowledge of the subject at the end. If at any moment you need help, feel free to contact your TAs.*
```

### Azure

> So what is "Azure"? Well if you made it into Bit Camp, you really should know already... but according to Microsoft, "*Azure is an ever-expanding set of cloud services to help your organization meet your business challenges. It’s the freedom to build, manage, and deploy applications on a massive, global network using your favorite tools and frameworks*." If you want to learn more about Azure and all its cloud applications, feel free to checkout this [link](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/what-is-azure/), an overview of its capabilities.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So what is "Azure"? Well if you made it into Bit Camp, you really should know already... but according to Microsoft, "*Azure is an ever-expanding set of cloud services to help your organization meet your business challenges. It’s the freedom to build, manage, and deploy applications on a massive, global network using your favorite tools and frameworks*." If you want to learn more about Azure and all its cloud applications, feel free to check out this [link](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/what-is-azure/), an overview of its capabilities.
```

> To create an Azure account, go to:https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/ and press **Start free** to be relocated to a signup page. After signing in with your Microsoft account and filling in your personal details, you will be asked to add a credit card. Rest assure, this is only for security purposes, you won't be charged unless you choose to buy a premium account. If you need some help navigating Azure, checkout this super helpful [resource](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/get-started/) provided by Microsoft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create an Azure account, go to: https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/ and press **Start free** to be relocated to a signup page. After signing in with your Microsoft account and filling in your personal details, you will be asked to add a credit card. Rest assured, this is only for security purposes (preventing multiple free accounts per person), and **you won't be charged** unless you choose to buy a premium account, which we do not need for this course. If you need some help navigating Azure, check out this super helpful [resource](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/get-started/) provided by Microsoft.
```
